the program determines which block of code to execute by first cheking if the age that was inputed is above 17 and then checks the genre selected. If both inputs have been filled out sucessfully then the program will disply the output that agrees with both inputs. For example, if the user inputed the age of 17 they would first be identified as someone who must watch children's movies instead of adult movies; the program then checks what genre has been selected and if the selected genre was Drama then the program will output the reccommended movie 'Midnight Carousel' because that is the title of the movie in the children's drama category. If none or only one of the inputs has been filled out then the program displays the output message of "please fill out both the inputs". The different outputs affect the program by either showing the user what film to watch based on their age and selected genre or tells them to fill in all the inputs in order to recieve this reccommendation.

The updateScreen procedure in my program helps manage the complexity because whenever either the genre or age is changed by the user it is called leading to an instant refresh of the output. The use of this procedure also makes it easier to modify the code later on because it allows for one simple change that will alter the functionality of both when the age or genre is changed. The procedure also helps with the organization of code because it allows all the code to be written once and placed in a clear place rather than written twice and scattered througout both the changes of genre and age.